Submit this final version of the Elevator app! 

Completing the Elevator Simulation Project. Follow the requirements below and complete item 4 ~ 9.

Progress And Status
Going back to our elevator logic in Module 8 ~ 9, let's look at the progress so far and where we have yet to go.
The first five items are done. In this assignment we're adding the ability for elevators to close their doors and start moving.

Open their door if there is a rider to disembark. DONE in v.1 in Module 8
Disembark a rider if the door is open and there's a rider who wants to get off. DONE in v.2 in Module 9
Board a rider if the door is open and a rider wants to board. DONE in v.2 in Module 9
Hold the door open for a few seconds in case more riders show up. DONE in v.3 in Module 13
After waiting a few seconds, and there are riders on the elevator, close the door and get moving. DONE in v.3 in Module 13
If the elevator is already between floors, keep moving -- stop at a floor if its panel button is pressed.
If an elevator is idle and the up/down button is pressed, open the door for the rider to board.
If there's a floor with a lit up/down button, close the door and start moving there.
Close the door and go idle.

Requirements
We've all been working with a building design with 5 floors and 3 identical elevators. Now it's time for you to customize your building!

In Building.cpp, customize 6 or more floors, at or above or below ground level.
We're not building a doll house, so make sure your elevations (in inches) are reasonable for human beings.

Customize 4 or more elevators, so they are not all alike in terms of capacity and speed.
Use your imagination -- consider small, fast express elevators and slow, large freight elevators in the mix.

Remove "seeds". There's no more need for riders starting on elevators at time zero. 
Remove the VisualBuilding's constructor and the console app's code block that puts riders on elevators before the simulation begins.

Console Elevator
If you are running the console version, set the rider arrival rate to a value that "works well" with your building. 
That is, the rate should not be so small that elevators spend a lot of time idle, and the rate should not be so large that riders accumulate on floors in large crowds. 
Also, start arrivals at time zero and end after 300 seconds (5 minutes), like this in the main CPP:

  double myArrivalRate = ...; // you choose!
  Building::action(i < 300 ? myArrivalRate : 0);
  
Visual Elevator
It is NOT required that you do a GUI version of this assignment. But if you do, this is what you should see after the simulation runs for a while and you 
lower the rider arrival rate to zero and wait for the elevators to stop moving -- something like this, with elevators idle at top and/or bottom floors, 
and no remaining riders anywhere (click image to download Windows animated EXE).

